Update `decompose` utility function and move into Pauli module (PauliUtility #1) (#3384)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* New basis sets, `6-311g` and `CC-PVDZ`, are added to the qchem basis set repo.
  [#3279](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3279)
  

> * Added utility functions `operation()`, `hamiltonian()`, `pauli_sentence()` and `decompose()` to provide and 

Reviewer: Since we are removing `qml.utils.decompose_hamiltonian`, we should add an entry to the "Breaking Changes" section and an entry to `doc/development/deprecations.rst`.

Since its a fairly obscure function not imported top-level, I'm personally OK with no deprecation cycle, but we do need to clearly communicate that is now somewhere else.

Author: Update docs and deprecations page 👍🏼

> * Added utility functions `operation()`, `hamiltonian()`, `pauli_sentence()` and `decompose()` to provide and 
>   an interface between well known PennyLane Operators and the new reduced representation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added utility function `decompose()` to provide an interface between well known PennyLane Operators and the new reduced representation.
```

Author: Update docs

* Python 3.7 support is no longer maintained.
  [(#3276)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3276)

* Removed `qml.utils.decompose_hamiltonian()`, please use `qml.pauli_decompose()` instead.

>   [(#3384)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3384)

Reviewer 2: In the deprecations page you mention that this method is deprecated, but here you say it is removed. Which one is it?

Reviewer 2: The method is removed, but shouldn't we deprecate it instead?

Author: I think we decided not to deprecate it, but directly move and update it. Its a smaller method which as Josh  mentioned is in demand, but users have a hard time finding it. So we don't expect removing it out right to cause too many issues.

Author: Updated deprecations page to say removed instead of deprecated 👍🏼
